26/02/2026, 15:58 EdAccelerator
Free Resources Explore programs Reviews Log In
About Book Call
4.9/5 star rating from
213+ reviews on
Age range
Year 1–10
Delivery format
Online
Support
1-1 & group
Personalised English
tutoring for your
child’s level
We specialise in English tutoring for 7–15 year olds who struggle,
feel disengaged (or even hate), or want to just push further. Our
unique personalised approach has helped 1,167+ students improve
over 7 years and we guarantee results.
For students 'below
expectation'
We help struggling students
rebuild confidence, fix the basics,
https://www.edaccelerator.com 3/12
26/02/2026, 15:58 EdAccelerator
and catch up to grade level.
Free Resources Explore programs Reviews Log In
About Book Call
For students 'at expectation'
We help “average” students push
beyond the minimum standard so
they can achieve higher results.
For students 'above
expectation'
We challenge advanced learners
to sharpen skills, aim for A’s, and
reach top opportunities.
Our Unique Methodology
We combine one-on-one and group learning to double your child's English
grades – fast.
https://www.edaccelerator.com 4/12
26/02/2026, 15:58 EdAccelerator
Free Resources Explore programs Reviews Log In
About Book Call
Who are our programs for?
Our programs are suitable to students who fall into any of the following
categories.
01
Struggling students
We can help your child catch-up and begin to feel more confident in class.
02
https://www.edaccelerator.com 5/12
26/02/2026, 15:58 EdAccelerator
Free Resources Explore programs Reviews Log In
About Book Call
Intermediate students
We can provide your child with the support & guidance needed to go from 'average' to extraordinary.
03
Advanced students
We can help your child advance beyond their current year level and reach their full potential.
04
Special needs
We've helped just about every type of student improve their English grades by leaps and bounds.
05
Homeschooling
We can provide you & your child with everything they need to become reading & writing superstars.
06
Test prep
Before specialising in English – we spent 5+ years helping students get into top High Schools & Universities.
Here
'
s some skills your child will
learn…
We’ll help your child learn all of the core skills required to
become confident in their English studies.
Writing
Plan and structure essays,
stories, and reports
https://www.edaccelerator.com 6/12
26/02/2026, 15:58 EdAccelerator
Write clearly, concisely, and
with purpose
Free Resources Explore programs Reviews Log In
About Book Call
Develop creativity and
expression in writing
Reading
Improve comprehension and
analysis
Identify themes, tone, and
author intent
Build strategies to tackle
unseen texts
Language conventions
Master grammar and
punctuation
Expand vocabulary and spelling
accuracy
Apply correct sentence
structure in all writing
Motivation
Build consistent study habits
Learn how to stay engaged and
focused
Grow confidence through
steady progress
Student Results
Hear from some of our past students & parents.
https://www.edaccelerator.com 7/12
26/02/2026, 15:58 EdAccelerator
Free Resources Explore programs Reviews Log In
About Book Call
Manasri Boyapati
2024 student
This program was such a great and fun experience. The tutors are very understanding and answered any questions anyone had. I was
provided with tips and advice along the way which was and very helpful. There also was a lot of content and resources to provide extra
understanding of the content. Overall, I loved being a part of this program and I'm sure future student would love it as well!
Eric
2024 Parent
The teaching and resources provided through this program have been so helpful for my daughter. I'm amazed by the dedication, teaching
skills and passion of Charlie and his team. Keep up the great work!
Aarya
2024 student
Loved everything, it was great, and all staff explained concepts clearly, and the class, other students were lovely.
Syed A
2023 student
I recently started joining the meetings held by this facility online on zoom, here is my experience so far: attentive educator, inciteful and
amazing content. Overall I had a great experience with this education center.
Aarush Shidid
2024 student
I've been to a lot of tutors in my time, but I have never, ever seen one like this. The teachers are so experienced, providing helpful
feedback, regardless if it was a bad question. There is always a way to improve, there are many videos to show you how to improve on
specific things, such as how to improve on patterns etc.
There are also many practice exams to help improve yourself, finding your weaknesses and strengths. All tutors are very experienced, and
all want you to improve and achieve your goals.
I could not recommend this tutor enough.
Avo K
2024 student
Amazing. Very helpful with many resources. The tutors are nearly always online. They are highly informative.
Rachel Ngai
2023 Parent
My son recently took an English writing class and I have to say it was an amazing experience. The instructor was knowledgeable, patient,
and supportive throughout the course. He learned a lot about writing techniques that have helped him improve his writing skills
https://www.edaccelerator.com 8/12
26/02/2026, 15:58 EdAccelerator
tremendously. We are already looking forward to attending the next class to continue honing his writing skills. Thank you for such a
wonderful experience!
Free Resources Explore programs Reviews Log In
About Book Call
Kiều Giang Nguyễn
2024 student
Forget about your past problems, this place is a wonderful destination for making friends and building knowledge. The staff and tutors
here are extremely kind and helpful as they work non-stop trying to make the best version out of you. These are the types of people
whom you might rely on for your problems as they are always so supportive and caring. Overall, it is your opinion on whether to choose
this program or not, but if you are not, then you are missing out.
Raquel Paez
2025 Parent
My 8-year-old son recently started English tutoring with Edaccelerator, and I couldn’t be happier with our experience so far. I was initially
worried that he might not enjoy online classes or stay engaged, but he absolutely loves it. The lessons are fun, interactive, and tailored
perfectly to his level, and the tutor has been so encouraging and patient.
Aliani Aliani
2023 student
Amazing teaching, great explanations and overall just great value for money. Cant think of anything to improve
Srinivas Rao Aare
2023 student
The tutors are very thorough, responsible, and seem to have complete command over the subjects.
Meet some of the teaching team
Get to know your mentors, ready to guide your child through every step of mastering English.
ara Dinley
https://www.edaccelerator.com 9/12
